The President:
Hi everybody.
I hope you all had a safe
and happy Fourth of July,
filled with parades, cookouts,
fireworks and family reunions.
We celebrated at the White House
with a few hundred members of
the military and their families.
And we took a moment
amid the festivities
to remember what our
Independence Day is all about -
what happened 237 years ago,
and what it meant to the world.
On July 4th, 1776,
a small band of patriots
declared that we were
a people created equal -
free to think and worship
and live as we please.
It was a declaration
heard around the world -
that we were
no longer colonists,
we were Americans,
and our destiny would
not be determined for us;
it would be determined by us.
It was a bold and tremendously
brave thing to do.
It was also nearly unthinkable.
At that time, kings and princes
and emperors ruled the world.
But those patriots were certain
that a better way was possible.
And to achieve it -
to win their freedom -
they were willing to
lay it all on the line.
Their lives.
Their fortunes.
Their sacred honor.
They fought a revolution.
Few would have bet
on our side to win.
But for the first of
many times to come,
America proved the
doubters wrong.
And now, 237 years later,
the United States -
this improbable nation -
is the greatest in the world.
A land of liberty
and opportunity.
A global defender
of peace and freedom.
A beacon of hope
to people everywhere
who cherish those ideals.
Generations of Americans made
our country what it is today -
farmers and teachers,
engineers and laborers,
entrepreneurs
and elected leaders -
people from all walks of life,
from all parts of the world,
all pulling in the
same direction.
And now we, the people, must
make their task our own -
to live up to the words of that
Declaration of Independence,
and secure liberty
and opportunity
for our own children,
and for future generations.
I want to say
a special word of thanks
to the men and women
of our military,
who have played
such a vital role
in the story of our nation.
You have defended us
at home and abroad.
And you have fought
on our nation's behalf
to make the world
a better, safer place.
People in scattered
corners of the world
are living in peace today,
free to write
their own futures,
because of you.
We are grateful for your
service and your sacrifice,
especially those still
serving in harm's way
and your families here at home.
So, God bless you all.
And may God bless the
United States of America.